since I'm a kid I wanted to be nipple
man you know he solves crimes with his
nipples
no I think I will have one of these
Buffalo shrimp and I'll have it with the
sauce
it's hot
oh my god I never got to have a blind
date really
unfortunately I wanted to I thought
about going online and like going on
like I I did like a dating website
because I was like at least this process
will be anonymous and it'd be fun yeah
like I really wanted to know how it like
works on matching your likes and
dislikes they would have figured out
it's you every like is like Drew
Barrymore movies Jim the blind date guy
you said that was a disaster
I mean you said he was a chubby loser he
sure didn't mention he has that hi my
maid boys I keep drinks a lot of dairy
painting right here ladies
well I actually did struggle with the
scenes where I don't like him because I
like him so much and I loved him and I
was like oh that's gonna be fake him
lame and I was at ease with it it was
fun to be mad at her or not like her I
was having a difficult time with the
liking scenes yes drew would be like can
we do one more and you look at me like
you actually there's a feeling there
have been like yes skok all action and
then drew would hold the picture up of a
puppy in front of her face you finally
go on a date and it's so awful the
Belynda bunny and the onion soup and you
know everything with dick is so first
class I didn't want to make you feel
lonelier than you probably already are
no I'm not lonely I always have done the
same thing although I did have to work
in a coffee house for a while and I
really had a good time and I write I but
I wasn't my boss didn't like me he
didn't feel like I did anything waitress
yeah which coffee um the living room in
Los Angeles living room and yeah it was
like a 90s like hipster joint laid back
in like the heyday of coffeehouse
what was your boss he he felt like I
sucked at everything I did did you
I mean I tried it that's all like I I
really did do everything pretty poorly
though you were clumsy I just wasn't
very good at it and then I worked at
music Plus which I thought I was much
better at because when anyone would come
in to rent a movie I knew everything
about every movie like and I love the
history of movies and so that I felt
like I was much better at but again my
boss Whitney he was not he was not cool
he was like a typical Heche already
hated me sorry I don't know why he was
mad at his name being Whitney hello how
are you Oh remember to keep the touch
soft stir lightly brush your fingers
against their skin well I know for sure
since I'm a kid I wanted to be nipple
man yeah you know he solves crimes with
his nipples whatever 30 years of had a
crime this right never wakes up the lock
thank you yeah I have a better nipple
girl I would think about yuvan you've
I've been known to I would put that um
no but I do get excited when anyone
references firestarter cuz I I would
like that ability that was cool and you
were young a little girl
starting those bars yeah all over you
seven seven years old and starting fires
with a brain that's right now you only
have that gift you don't know maybe you
did maybe you did do it you don't
remember I think I think it was real